doc: nrf: Document releases, versions and revisions (#9757)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/glossary.rst

   Request to Send (RTS)
      In :term:`flow control <Hardware Flow Control (HWFC)>`, the transmitting end is ready and requesting the far end for permission to transfer data.

   Revision

>       A tracked state in time of a Git repository. It can always be
>       represented by a Git SHA, but can also be a Git tag. More info in :ref:`intro_vers_revs` and in `Git revisions`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A tracked state in time of a Git repository.
      It can always be represented by a Git SHA, but can also be a Git tag.
      For more information, see :ref:`intro_vers_revs` and `Git revisions`_.
```
